Hey everyone! Welcome to another episode of Comments in Cars!/the Car!
No, there's no "the."
Hey everyone, Alisa Allapach is our special guest today.
She's in our YouTube Red series, Single By 30.
And one of her episodes actually just came out this past week.
So we thought it was only appropriate
to read comments from another project she did with us,
Untouchable.
Thanks for being here, first of all.
Of course.
BIJAH L says, "Blue Moon is a twist off. No opener needed, yo."
There were a lot of people that called me out on that.
You're right. I can't believe they saw that.
Our fans are very, very smart.
Or they're alcoholics.
Cudencuden?
"Dang, so no dinner next week, dot dot dot."
What? Oh, haha.
Wanna grab dinner sometime next week?
See, I guess that's a hard "No."
As hard as it gets.
Yeah, that's true. I was like, wait, where does that come--
Oh, it's 'cause, yeah, I was asking you to have dinner.
And you had a very, very long rejection.
Don't do it, it's a trap.
You could've just said no.
There was a lot of comments that were like,
"Why is she lecturing him?" -"Yeah."
And, and uh, "She's being so hard." -"Yeah."
The thing is, I made you say that stuff. So-it's not her.
I mean,
Evan needed to hear it.
Evan needed to be beaten down a little bit.
Bryan says, "Dang it Wong Fu, I don't even have any romantic experience to compare this to, but I still feel it."
Whoa. -Awww!
It's like VR. Wong Fu is basically relationship VR.
We give you that feeling even if you don't actually know it.
Azncarlpk? AZN.
AZN.
That's old school.
You know shit's about to go down when Wong Fu starts swearing.
You know we're so hardcore!
Sooo hardcore.
'Cause we had 3 swear words.
There weren't even that many, I feel like.
But a lot of people were actually really surprised.
But we've had videos in the past, actually, that-
Where you do swear?
That we-yeah. There was one called, To Those Nights.
And...umm...
I guess hearing Wong Fu swear is different?
Well, you know, it's a part of...the emotion of...the piece.
Trin Lovell?
"The most frustrating part of this
Was her jacket that wasn't fully put on."
You're such a tease.
Is this girl like a fashionista or something? Like-
She's very pretty in her, uh, picture.
And for that night that was so cold
I wouldn't have brought a denim jacket.
I would've brought like, a down jacket.
In your defence, I think what happened for Wendy, your character,
She thought she was on her way out, right?
That is true.
And then she's like, "Oh wait, I have to get into this long conversation."
You weren't ready to put that all on.
And I think it would've been awkward if I was like,
Hold your thought, Evan. -Exactly.
Let me put my purse down.
Tina Wang says,
"Give that girl an Oscar."
Aww.
Hell yeah!
Very good acting.
Alisa's amazing. (Too kind.) We first started working with her on Single By 30.
She's in an episode of Single By 30,
And we were like, "Man, we gotta keep working with her, outside of Single By 30!"
She's crying, all the time!
Whenever we need a crying girl,
We can call her up.
I appreciate those words.
Reuben Ravelo says, "This video has really touched me. Oh...wait...?"
Ohh!
Ha! Ha, 'cause it's called Untouchable.
Points to you.
Cindy Le